com/FoodDeliveryManagementSystem/BusinessLogic/User.java
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.BusinessLogic.User
com/FoodDeliveryManagementSystem/BusinessLogic/CompositeProduct.java
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.BusinessLogic.CompositeProduct
com/FoodDeliveryManagementSystem/BusinessLogic/Order.java
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.BusinessLogic.Order
com/FoodDeliveryManagementSystem/BusinessLogic/IDeliveryServiceProcessing.java
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.BusinessLogic.IDeliveryServiceProcessing
com/FoodDeliveryManagementSystem/Presentation/Components/BaseProductController.java
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.Presentation.Components.BaseProductController
com/FoodDeliveryManagementSystem/BusinessLogic/MenuItem.java
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.BusinessLogic.MenuItem
com/FoodDeliveryManagementSystem/Main.java
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.Main
com/FoodDeliveryManagementSystem/Util/Tuple.java
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.Util.Tuple
com/FoodDeliveryManagementSystem/Presentation/BaseController.java
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.Presentation.BaseController
com/FoodDeliveryManagementSystem/DataAccess/Serializator.java
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.DataAccess.Serializator
TitleBar/Controller.java
 TitleBar.Controller
 TitleBar.Controller$Delta
com/FoodDeliveryManagementSystem/Presentation/Components/CompositeProductController.java
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.Presentation.Components.CompositeProductController
com/FoodDeliveryManagementSystem/DataAccess/CSVParser.java
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.DataAccess.CSVParser
com/FoodDeliveryManagementSystem/BusinessLogic/BaseProduct.java
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.BusinessLogic.BaseProduct
com/FoodDeliveryManagementSystem/Presentation/Components/OrderController.java
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.Presentation.Components.OrderController
com/FoodDeliveryManagementSystem/Presentation/Dialogs/CompositeProductDialogController.java
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.Presentation.Dialogs.CompositeProductDialogController
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.Presentation.Dialogs.CompositeProductDialogController$1
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.Presentation.Dialogs.CompositeProductDialogController$2
com/FoodDeliveryManagementSystem/Presentation/ClientController.java
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.Presentation.ClientController
com/FoodDeliveryManagementSystem/Presentation/Dialogs/CheckoutDialogController.java
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.Presentation.Dialogs.CheckoutDialogController
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.Presentation.Dialogs.CheckoutDialogController$1
com/FoodDeliveryManagementSystem/BusinessLogic/DeliveryService.java
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.BusinessLogic.DeliveryService
com/FoodDeliveryManagementSystem/Presentation/AdminController.java
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.Presentation.AdminController
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.Presentation.AdminController$1
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.Presentation.AdminController$2
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.Presentation.AdminController$3
com/FoodDeliveryManagementSystem/Presentation/EmployeeController.java
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.Presentation.EmployeeController
com/FoodDeliveryManagementSystem/Presentation/Dialogs/ProductDialogController.java
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.Presentation.Dialogs.ProductDialogController
com/FoodDeliveryManagementSystem/Presentation/LoginController.java
 com.FoodDeliveryManagementSystem.Presentation.LoginController
